60% of people believe to be above average drivers
Don’t drink and drive
Stay in school
You need to talk to someone before asking them out
There is such a thing as too much studying
Go to sleep
You can use score:>=[number] to filter out potentially unwanted things
Speak
Don’t be an ass. Unless you're the actual animal named "ass".
When playing music, always assume strangers in range hate it
If you find yourself clogging the toilet, try flushing after each wipe
“The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself” -Sun Tzu, probably
Don’t believe everything you read
“The greatest victory is that which requires no battle” -Sun Tzu, probably
It’s the little things in life
Acknowledge that you are wrong when you are wrong
There’s no such thing as free lunch
By doing nothing, you’re doing something
Cruel inequality paves way for our future
Perfection is a flawed concept
You are who you are
Our ability to predict the consequences of our actions sucks
I don’t want your free discord nitro
If you put a song on loop in spotify, you won’t get ads
The fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fo
The puppet master congregates all the masses
Where are your fingers?
Nope!
This is democracy manifest
“Opportunities multiply as they are taken” -Sun Tzu, probably
Thy end is now!
“Stop quoting my brother” -Moon Tzu
The more you know that you don’t know, the more you know
It’s called speed limit, not speed suggestion
You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you
Tomorrow for sure
I’ll be back
Let’s go gambling! Aw dang it!
Do or do not. There is no try.
| |I || |_
Famous last words.
It’s so over -> We are so back -> It’s so over -> We are so back
Pain -> Pain -> Pain -> Pain
Kinetic energy is equal to half the mass times the velocity squared. If you double your speed, you quadruple your kinetic energy.
Sometimes the simplest ideas are the most efficient
Why spend 5 minutes doing a task when you can spend 5 hours failing to automate it?
Bait used to be believable
Aurora borealis? At this time of year, at this time of day, in this part of the country, localized entirely within your kitchen?
Use “-” followed by a tag to exclude it from search results
You have received. A voicemail.
Be reasonable
To learn, you must want to learn
Don’t give up too easily, but don’t give up too hardly.
War… War never changes
Music is cool
You’re probably not the first person to have had an idea, but you can be the first to carry it out.
Been better, could be worse
Fuck around and find out
Even the shittiest of hands dealt can yield great results
No one wanted to try because everyone thought it was impossible. Then came along someone who didn't know that and just did it.
How can I remember those moments, sweetheart?
"Potemkin Buster!" -Potemkin Guilty Gear
"Totsugeki!" -May Guilty Gear
